what do you tell me about Kiko Hernandez
he posted this story in the afternoon leaving
the police station on Leganitos Street
Madrid and I was left wider than long well it must have been
very wide and
Kiko must have let you off steam if it's
real c haido but the fact that you
put this in an Instagram story
and put the name of the street to make it
sound more credible is worthless
You know that to file a complaint you can't
file it at the police station that with
this you want to intimidate a person who
has posted a Nile on Twitter exposing
something that is true well I don't think it's
going to have much impact I didn't
move here a year ago I couldn't
take all the animals that I
had in my house here and then the
greyhound that I had eh I called the girl
who gave her to me in foster care I said look
what problem I have don't worry
because I have a girl who lives almost
next door to you and she's going to keep the dog
such the dog turned out phenomenal the dog She
is incredible  With other animals and with
other dogs, the audios that were published
in the thread and the screenshots do not
indicate what he is saying, not
as if he was in the best of
shape.